Vacuum Cat

An unnamed Russian kitty has become a YouTube sensation thanks to its obsessed interest with a vacuum cleaner. The enthralled feline appears to be tasting some unseen bit of deliciousness on the end of the vacuum cleaner, and, as the kitty goes in for a lick, the hose attaches itself to the cat’s face. Despite the apparent unprovoked attack by the vacuum cleaner, the cat goes in for another taste. The YouTube video titled Кот и пылесос has already racked up more than 2.48 million views. Cat videos are huge on YouTube, and, given the meteoric rise of this new video, it looks as if a simple cat battling with a vacuum cleaner could soon become one of the most watch YouTube cat videos of all time.

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/04/18/cat-licks-vacuum-video_n_3110038.html


-------

Maru

Maru is a male Scottish Fold cat in Japan who has become popular on YouTube. As of April 2013, videos with Maru have been viewed over 200 million times. Videos featuring Maru have an average of 800,000 views each and he is mentioned often in print and televised media discussing Internet celebrities.
His owner, who does not show her face on camera or speak in the videos, posts videos under the account name 'mugumogu'. The videos are edited to include title cards in English and Japanese setting up the events of the video, and often show Maru playing in cardboard boxes, indicated by "I love a box!" in his introduction video.

http://maruthecat.tumblr.com

----

Grumpy Cat

Grumpy Cat (born April 4, 2012), real name Tardar Sauce, is a female cat and Internet celebrity known for her grumpy facial expression. Her owner Tabatha Bundesen says that her permanently grumpy-looking face is due to feline dwarfism. Grumpy Cat's popularity originated from a picture posted to the social news website reddit by Tabatha's brother Bryan on September 22, 2012. It was made into an image macro with grumpy captions. "The Official Grumpy Cat" on Facebook has over 1.1 million Likes. Grumpy Cat was featured on the front page of The Wall Street Journal on May 30, 2013.

http://www.grumpycats.com


----

Colonel Meow

Colonel Meow is a Himalayan Persian cat best known for his unique fluffy coat and intense facial expressions. The cat rose to internet fame after being featured on the internet news site The Daily What in September 2012.
Origin Colonel Meow (born October 11th, 2011) was adopted in 2011 by Anne Marie Avey of Seattle, Washington, after he was rescued by a local Himalayan and Persian Society. On August 9th, 2012, Avey set up a Facebook fan page for the cat, posting pictures and videos of Colonel Meow.

http://colonelmeow.tumblr.com
